welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond episode four
our group of sheltered teenagers
continues on their cross-country
adventure through zombie-infested
post-apocalyptic landscape to rescue
their father from the civic republic the
adults felix and huck who caught up with
them last episode are like yo we gotta
convince these kids to turn around
before they all die
right now though a storm's a coming so
they seek shelter in an abandoned high
school they split up to look for
supplies and huck tries to convince hope
that they should give up on this quest
and go home but hope's not having it in
fact we get a flashback where we finally
meet her father
yes as we know he's a brilliant
scientist and is just a real good dad we
get the answer to one minor mystery yes
hope was adopted but actually iris was
adopted too
hope and iris were found together and
these parents adopted them both but then
how can hope run into some danger it's a
wolf
whoa what are they gonna do they do
absolutely nothing they just walk right
around it uh so problem solved elsewhere
felix tries to convince elton they
should go home he's all into science and
it's like yo you can do lots of science
back at the university middleton's a
hands-on kind of science guy he likes
being out here and seeing the
post-apocalyptic world for himself but
when they find a zombie trapped in a
locker elton starts freaking out he has
a memory of when he was a kid in hiding
somewhere he's claustrophobic and so
it's like yo man if you can't even
handle a zombie trapped in a locker then
maybe you shouldn't be out here
silas and iris check out the gym where
they find the ruins of an old school
dance iris is like wow i wish i could
have gone to high school and had dances
and stuff
didn't you have all those things back at
the university
yeah yeah
right but either way these two kind of
start flirting and they have their own
little high school dance but then they
find themselves trapped in there because
a single zombie is outside the door
and once again even though stabbing it
in the head would be literally the
easiest thing in the world they go
way out of their way to get around it
but then they end up trapped in the
bowels of the school where a couple more
zombies are coming at em they're finally
out of options silas has to oh use his
big ass french to kill his first zombie
but to remember he wasn't killing
zombies because of his horrible
flashbacks to when he apparently beat
his dad to death for probably good
reasons and so just when i was about to
call silas the smartest member of the
group he throws his wrench down and
starts beating the zombie with his bare
hands the one thing you're not supposed
to do because its teeth can
bite you i understand kid you got some
trauma but come on
after this dumb adventure elton's
starting to think maybe the adults are
right we should just go home but for now
he's still loving the adventure with his
new best friends and takes a group photo
but this week there was an after the
credit scene of the civic republic a
scientist is doing unspecified
experiments on zombies this is something
we assumed from the walking dead because
the helicopter people wanted their
prisoners freshly bit we learned nothing
new about it here except they've got a
bunch of zombie specimens and a real
organized system so hey these guys might
actually find a cure and that's where
the episode comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tvn movies and if you'd love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member